hey what's up everyone welcome to
Minecraft how to's today I'm going to
teach you how to make Christmas tree
first thing you need is as you can see
that my action bar you need you can you
need 64 and 18 to be a total of eighty
two leaves and five pine logs make sure
you have pine leaves and pine logs
refers want to do is you must stack this
five high and so I make my Christmas
tree just to celebrate the holidays and
in case that happens make sure you
always have a little extra shoes might
not be a bad idea either I take this put
those two like that you want to just
kind of see the top one was one now this
one comes to you want to put one here
one here here
and then you do the same thing for the
next road this is your last row or you
can just stop at the top one I do that
before as well I do that this whoops 234
yep alright so we're almost done and
this episode 1 of Minecraft how to's all
right it's been open all guys i hope
everyone has a great Christmas and you
get whatever you want over the holidays